The living and true God—
The God of all creation
In ev’ry generation—
Jehovah is your name.
We’re honored and we’re proud
To be your congregation.
In ev’ry tribe and nation,
Your glory we proclaim.
Jehovah, Jehovah,
There is no God like you.
There’s no other in the heavens
Or on the earth below.
You alone are God Almighty,
And this all men must know.
Jehovah, Jehovah,
We have no other God but you.
You cause us to become
Whatever you desire,
To do as you require—
Jehovah is your name.
And Witnesses for you
Is what you’ve kindly named us.
We’re honored you have claimed us—
A people for your name.
Jehovah, Jehovah,
There is no God like you.
There’s no other in the heavens
Or on the earth below.
You alone are God Almighty,
And this all men must know.
Jehovah, Jehovah,
We have no other God but you.